hey what's going on kevin's 'if just to
let you all know whack 3 will be
premiering this sunday and i will be
putting up a new episode every monday
but i did just finish the DVD of the
movie and I'm about to advertise it to
you actually so hope you ready for my
voice to completely change into a
persuasive excited salesman type voice
and swagga video of the late evening
that's right ladies and gentlemen there
is a whack to the future episode 3 DVD
to be advertised right now you get the
full two hour movie of whack to the
beach episode 3 you'll also get audio
commentary by kevins even actors Cameron
looky and Graham looky drum is that
actually not to mention the most
snazziest menus you'll ever seen do it
shut jensen banks which you did really
great
we got something real special this time
you get the complete bloopers from wet
to the future of one two and three
that's 90 minutes of blue / content I
guess a lot of things don't really go as
planned on these movies it's great
you'll also get extras such as the
ultimate sandwich challenge similar to
the ultimate shot challenge where cast
members have to eat horrifico scuss ting
sandwiches for your pleasure and you get
a little behind-the-scenes footage as
well not to mention unreleased footage
of Z films that have never seen the
light of day this two-disc DVD is
available free with 799 for shipping and
handling you'll get two hours of movie
as well as two hours complete of extra
footage if you'd like to buy a DVD just
visit z press com / shop dot HTML